from:las-lics-owner 

python3 process.py "edition number"


remove line breaks 
keep dates from previous call that are not passed :   -dM???

Name 
two spaces "meta data"

Sections " * name of section in caps" 
two spaces "content"


space space dash space makes list  !!!! 

dates: two spaces-d 
with -dh isntead adds the info of deadline ot the summary head  MUST ADD COLON
with dv keeps extra info verbatim, carefull for format (this is good for date ranges etc)

submission: please see full call for submission information "link"

many spaces make new item, no line spaces other wise, always leave line spaces at end

anything directly siglog related goes first. we add -s SIGLOG MATTER (is special category in summary)



 then calls for papers, then job anouncements, all shorted by deadline
 there is also category call for nominations, call for participations, book anouncements (carefull category)
 
 go to siglog newsletters, must change html index.html, add new issue, must change edditor. USE FTP, i need user name and passowrd (filexilla), go to newsletters folder, put new index.html there!!! CAREFULL. then add edition 245 etc in same folder. 

python3 html something is the comand to generate. 

python3  jdjjdjdjdj add parameter email to make the email. CHECK GITHUB https://github.com/davidjpurser/siglog maybe fork

must manualy delete top stuff nonsence, must delete


must edid script to be only me edditor

FOR EMAIL (maybe thunderbird because it has ability to add HTML) 
to las-lics etc 
subject SIGLOG monthly 245

must let email thorugh 

password 

comit to git, tex, html, and email
script: python tex.py makes latex. Make pdf, put in git, dan will ask and give pdf. 

mirlabs is possible scam


carefull for the mail that oe sback to senders, must edit things. 


FTP:

Domain: ftp.siglog.hosting.acm.org

Username "lics@lics.siglog.org" (without the quotes)

Password "}eN%OMQ42_E;" (without the quotes)

Try to configure it to automatically jump into the /newsletters directory to avoid mistakes

 

Mail list administration:

https://lists.tu-berlin.de/mailman/admin/las-lics/general

Password: “azibnipice” (without quortes)

 

Github: https://github.com/davidjpurser/siglog

(See the readme)

 

While making the thing I’m running

python3 process.py 245; python3 html.py; open editions/245.html

 

Then I’m running

python3 html.py email                  

and

python3 tex.py                         

 

(You need to run process.py again if you make any changes to the plain text file).

